This time, let's consider the point of view of the Operations Personnel.
When the OPs Personnel enters all the necessary information in iGATOR,
a Ticket Order, or TOR, is created accordingly.
This TOR contains Proflight, Passenger, Itinerary, and Fare details.
What's interesting is that at the same time the TOR is created,
automatically, a Purchase Order is also created.
It is very important to understand that the information contained
within the TOR is exactly the same as the information created under the PO.
This purchase order will then immediately
and automatically go into the records of PRISM.
So going back to AIS, now that they have the Purchase Order document,
they can go ahead and check the invoice
and make sure all the information is in order.
And once everything has been verified and processed in the system,
AIS will send a request to the Treasury Department.
After which, the treasury department releases the transfer of payment
to the corresponding Airlines Partners.
What this means is that the transfer of money from IOM
to the Airlines Partners is done by Treasury and not by AIS.
With the Airlines Partners reimbursed for their services,
this effectively ends the invoicing process.